So where are you successful.
Here is my solution.
As I said I want to implement child routes so I will do this by going to the app routing module here
and on my recipes are add to children property.
Now children also takes an array of routes and each route still is just a javascript object here.
The first rule that want to have is the empty path so that we just wizard slash recipe's slash nothing.
The default case here I want to load that new component was referring to which will simply hold the
text we have in this N-G template for now.
Now for this I will quickly create this component and I'll use the seal.
I've found that with Engy GCI can generate a new component and this component should now go into the
recipe's folders so recipes and then slash.
And here you may simply choose that folder.
So recipes and I will name it recipes start sort of recipes start component with SPAG falls IAP went
this spec file from being generated.
So with that we got our recipes start component here.
And as I mentioned before all it will do is I will output here maybe in a tree tag now.
Please select a recipe.
So really simple with that set up with our start component set up here.
I now want to use that.
It has been added to Marchal automatically by Seelye.
So make sure that this is the case.
And now in the app routing module here I will load this component.
So the recipe start component.
This one here.
Make sure to add the import at the top from dot slash recipes.
Slash recipe starts Shlash recipe start component.
And with that we got our first component which can be displayed inside of our recipes component.
Let's try this out because that be all we need to get started with it in the recipe is component because
again dessous And that's important.
Daises talk about the recipe component here is the component where our child roads are registered.
So it is indice components template that we need to provide a router outlet for the child routes to
be rendered.
So I will do this year.
I will add a router outlet here and when I save this with Engy surf running does looks pretty good.
We simply select a recipe and clearly that is not a paragraph anymore so it seems to be our new component.
Of course if we click somewhere that doesn't work anymore because we only have the router out there
our old logic of loading a recipe is completely broken.
But we will restore it soon.
Actually we can already take the first step for restoring that functionality.
I'll add a number lbf here to the child Rodd's of recipe component.
That path should be Colden ID so a dynamic segment added after slash recipes.
That's of course something you have to keep in mind.
All child routes always come after the path of the parent route.
So all these routes here will have Slash recipes in front of it so add slash or recipes slash ID with
idea being dynamic parameter here I want to load my recipe detail component.
We also need to add to import to that component.
Up here of course.
So from the recipes folder and recipe detail and then the recipe detail the component file with dead.
We now at least have a route which would allow us to load this component and we can kind of see this
in action if we manually enter one here.
Let's say it tries to load the recipe detail component.
Of course it will break because there we try to output data which we no longer get because our old logic
of transferring data from the list item to digital component doesn't work anymore.
But we will fix it and will actually start fixing it in the next lecture.